# Kids-Can-Code
Based on statistics by UNICEF as at 2018 only 0.5% of the world's population can code. This implies that only 1 out of every 200 people can code. Coding today is considered to be a citadel for achieving maximum success because once u know how to code you are one step further on becoming a fulfilled adult. But a lot of people have little or No knowledge about programming mostly due to the fact that they are not exposed to the right resources such as learning sites, appropriate programming languages e.t.c This has resulted into disaster over the past 2 decades and a lot of Youths and adults are rendered jobless and helpless because they have no skillset in the computer world. According to the 4th Sustainable development goals, (Quality Education) world leaders and citizens as a whole are expected to ensure quality. But still learning how to code seems to be a big issue. SOLUTION In order the proffer a long lasting solution we decided to create a web app that helps individuals learn coding so everyone would be useful in the 4th industrial revolution. The idea of the web app is to create a template to learn programming irrespective of your race, gender, age, country of residence or sex, in any language of preference, so u can learn programming in languages like French ,Spanish ,german ,dutch, and even our native languages Yoruba Igbo and hausa. The web app would use images , Videos and text to explain what programming really is and how to code. The Web App also has the feature of a group discussion platform where different individuals are given the opportunity to collaborate and work cooperatively to achieve a set aim.
